BaA Pt. 1 > Hello World Routes - Include setup instructions for debugging Flask through VS Code (#189)
Ada-Developers-Academy/core-unit-2: api-1-setup-read/hello-world-routes.md

![Screenshot of a browser pointing to localhost:5000/ with the text "Hello, World!"](../assets/building-an-api/flask-hello-books_hello-world-browser.png)

## Troubleshooting & Debugging

Let's take a look at:
- how to handle a common connection issue 
- how we can get more information to help us when issues arise

<!-- available callout types: info, success, warning, danger, secondary, star  -->
### !callout-info

## Debugging a Flask Application

> We recommend debugging Flask from tests once we get to test set up materials, since there is a little extra set up involved to debug a Flask application on its own. If you get stuck in the meantime, we can debug a Flask application using [this doc for reference](debug-flask-app-supplement.md).

Reviewer: Totally agree with the sentiments here, but it felt like this could also provide an opportunity to more explicitly reinforce debugging through tests as our preferred approach generally. How about something like this?
```suggestion
As with other code we have written, we can use the VS Code debugger to help us troubleshoot code in our Flask applications. Once we reach the material on writing tests for Flask, we'll see that the process of debugging Flask through tests is identical to how we've used tests for debugging in our previous work, requiring no additional setup.

In the meantime, if we encounter problems that we're having trouble resolving using alternative debugging techniques or the strategies below, we can use the following guide for a brief introduction on using the debugger with Flask applications directly.

- [Debugging a Flask Application](debug-flask-app-supplement.md)
```

### !end-callout

### Troubleshooting Reaching the Local Server

Here are a couple quick troubleshooting techniques to try if you are having trouble reaching your local server:
- If you are unable to access the server at `localhost:5000/`, replace `localhost:5000` with `127.0.0.1` (i.e. `127.0.0.1:5000/`)

> - If you receive the error “Access to localhost was denied”, go to **System Preferences** -> **Sharing**, and uncheck “AirPlay Receiver”.

Reviewer: Any bets on how many folks still run into this? 😭
